Hooks (#268)
mbrevda/react-image: README.md

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/react-image.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-image)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-image.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-image)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/mbrevda/react-image/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/mbrevda/react-image)

**React Image** is an `<img>` tag replacement and hook for [React.js](https://facebook.github.io/react/), supporting fallback to alternate sources when loading an image fails.

> **React Image** allows one or more images to be used as fallback imagess in the event that the browser couldn't load the previous image. When using the componenet, you can specify any React element to be used before an image is loaded (i.e. a spinner) and in the event than the specified image(s) could not be loaded. When using the hook this can be achives by wrapping the compomenet with [`<Suspense>`](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-api.html#reactsuspense) and specifying the `fallback` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**React Image** allows one or more images to be used as fallback images in the event that the browser couldn't load the previous image. When using the component, you can specify any React element to be used before an image is loaded (i.e. a spinner) and in the event that the specified image(s) could not be loaded. When using the hook this can be achieved by wrapping the component with [`<Suspense>`](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-api.html#reactsuspense) and specifying the `fallback` prop.
```

**React Image** is an `<img>` tag replacement for [React.js](https://facebook.github.io/react/), featuring preloader and multiple image fallback support.

> **React Image** allows one or mote images to be used as fallbacks in the event that the browser couldn't load the previous image. Additionally, you can specify any React element to be used before an image is loaded (i.e. a spinner) and in the event than the specified image(s) could not be loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**React Image** allows one or more images to be used as fallback images in the event that the browser couldn't load the previous image. Additionally, you can specify any React element to be used before an image is loaded (i.e. a spinner) and in the event that the specified image(s) could not be loaded.
```

> **React Image** uses the useImage hook internally which encapsulates all the image loading logic. This hook wokrs with React Suspense by default and will suspense painting until the image is downloaded and decoded by the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**React Image** uses the useImage hook internally which encapsulates all the image loading logic. This hook works with React Suspense by default and will suspend painting until the image is downloaded and decoded by the browser.
```

## Dependencies

`react-image` has no external dependencies, aside for a version of `react` and `react-dom` which support hooks.

## Documentation

You can use the standalone component, documented below, or the `useImage` hook.

### useImage():

The `useImage` hook allows for incorperating `react-image`'s logic in any component. When using the hook, the component can be wrapped in `<Suspense>` to keep it from rendering until the image is ready. Specify the `fallback` prop to show a spinner or any other component to the user while the browser is loading. The hook the throw an error if it failes to find any images. You can wrap your componenet with an [Error Boundry](https://reactjs.org/docs/code-splitting.html#error-boundaries) to catch this scenario and do/show something.

Example usage:

```js

> import useImage from 'react-image/useImage'

Reviewer: > i meant if you are using `react-image/useImage`, the file will need to be produced somewhere to be shipped to npm
> currently im not seeing where that is happening

Should build and run `npm pack` to see what will be sent to npm.
if the package is not whats intended then rollup needs to be configured to produce your use case scenario.

the simpler option as mentioned before is the interface seen below. You would of course need to list it as a breaking change

`import {Image, useImage} from 'react-image'`

Author: It seems to me the file is being produced. Am I missing something?

```
$ npm pack
npm notice
npm notice 📦  react-image@2.4.0
npm notice === Tarball Contents ===
npm notice 1.1kB LICENSE
npm notice 5.3kB cjs/index.js
npm notice 2.2kB umd/index.js
npm notice 5.5kB cjs/react-image.js
npm notice 3.7kB cjs/useImage-b693a49d.js
npm notice 170B  cjs/useImage.js   <----------------------------- here
npm notice 3.3kB package.json
npm notice 2.7kB CHANGELOG.md
npm notice 735B  CONTRIBUTING.md
npm notice 9.9kB README.md
npm notice 590B  UPGRADE.md
npm notice 184B  imagePromiseFactory.d.ts
npm notice 53B   index.d.ts
npm notice 790B  react-image.d.ts
npm notice 307B  useImage.d.ts
npm notice === Tarball Details ===
npm notice name:          react-image
npm notice version:       2.4.0
npm notice filename:      react-image-2.4.0.tgz
npm notice package size:  11.0 kB
npm notice unpacked size: 36.5 kB
npm notice shasum:        bf577c16f972f598414908107b59039e1584282d
npm notice integrity:     sha512-FHlbhB0EluEJ2[...]+mKWOrDfyIzlA==
npm notice total files:   15
npm notice
```

> the simpler option

Totally agreed and would like to do that, just trying to prevent a seriously breaking change. Guess I need to understand more why rollbar complains about mixing default and regular exports...

Reviewer: ah good! then all is good from my perspective. 
works from my use case 👍

Author: ready to ship?

export default function MyComponent() {
  const {src, isLoading, error} = useImage({

>     srcList: 'https://www.example.com/foo.jpg',

Reviewer: another thing with this example is that it wont work unless i set `useSuspense: false`

it will throw an error.

either update to show a useSuspense example or show setting it to false

Author: What is the error?

Reviewer: ```
react-dom.development.js:20938 Uncaught Error: App suspended while rendering, but no fallback UI was specified.

Add a <Suspense fallback=...> component higher in the tree to provide a loading indicator or placeholder to display.
    in App
    at throwException (react-dom.development.js:20938)
    at handleError (react-dom.development.js:22010)
    at performSyncWorkOnRoot (react-dom.development.js:21759)
    at scheduleUpdateOnFiber (react-dom.development.js:21188)
    at updateContainer (react-dom.development.js:24373)
    at react-dom.development.js:24758
    at unbatchedUpdates (react-dom.development.js:21903)
    at legacyRenderSubtreeIntoContainer (react-dom.development.js:24757)
    at Object.render (react-dom.development.js:24840)
    at Module../src/app.js (app.js:162)
```

Author: Can you please show the code you used?

Reviewer: i juat added to app.js

```js

import useImage from '../src/useImage.js'

...

const {src, isLoading, error} = useImage({
    srcList: [
      'https://www.exampleblacjajkdld.com/foo.jpg',
      'https://www.exampleblacjajkdld.com/foo.jpg',
      'https://www.exampleblacjajkdld.com/foo.jpg',
      'https://www.exampleblacjajkdld.com/foo.jpg',
      'https://www.example.com/foo.jpg',
      'https://via.placeholder.com/150', // will be loaded
    ],
   // useSuspense: false,
  })

...

return (
...

<div>
        <h5>using hooks</h5>
        <img src={src} />
      </div>
);
```

Author: Could it be the component wasn't wrapped in Suspense? I've added examples for hooks, you can run `npm i && npm run dev` to see

Reviewer: yea its clear now

>     srcList: 'https://www.example.com/foo.jpg"',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    srcList: 'https://www.example.com/foo.jpg',
```

  })

  return <img src={src} />

> }

Reviewer: example here is wrong or misleading.

`useImage` isnt actually exported. see suggestion on export file.

figure out export structure then update examples
i suggest

```
import Img, {useImage} from 'react-image'
```

## Documentation

You can use the standalone component, documented below, or the `useImage` hook.

### useImage():

> The useImage hook allowes for incorperating `react-image`'s logic in any component. Example usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The useImage hook allows for incorporating `react-image`'s logic in any component. Example usage:
```

```js
import useImge from 'react-image'

export default function MyComponent() {
  const {src, isLoading, error} = useImage({
    srcList: 'https://www.example.com/foo.jpg"',
  })

  return <img src={src} />
}
```

### useImage API:

> `srcList`: a string or array of strings. `useImage` will try loading these one at a time and stop after the first one is succesfully loaded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`srcList`: a string or array of strings. `useImage` will try loading these one at a time and stop after the first one is successfully loaded
```

> `imgPromise`: a promise that accepts a url and returns a promise which resolves the image is succesfully loaded or is reject if the image doesn't load. You can inject an alternative implementation for advanced custom behaviour such as logging errors or dealing with servers that return an image with a 404 header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`imgPromise`: a promise that accepts a url and returns a promise which resolves the image if successfully loaded or rejects if the image doesn't load. You can inject an alternative implementation for advanced custom behaviour such as logging errors or dealing with servers that return an image with a 404 header
```

Example usage:

```js

> import useImage from 'react-image'

Reviewer: wont you need to update the rollup bundler somehow the export this file?

Author: Ive updated the readme

Reviewer: i meant if you are using `react-image/useImage`, the file will need to be produced somewhere to be shipped to npm

currently im not seeing where that is happening
